Add `hideLabel` prop to ImageInput component (#2721)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/happy-glasses-work.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': minor
---

> 

Reviewer: you also added the `optionalLabel` prop too

Author: True, thanks for catching that!

> Added a `hideLabel` prop to the ImageInput component. It defaults to `true` to match the existing behavior.

Author: ```suggestion
Added a `hideLabel` prop to the ImageInput component (defaulting to `true` to match the existing behavior) and added an `optionalLabel` prop to indicate to users whether the input is required.
```
